V - THE RAVENS' SPOILS
- AMICIA: Shhh...
Lucas?
- LUCAS: Yes?
- AMICIA: What does he have...
...in his blood?
- LUCAS: There's... an old story...
It tells of the Prima Macula.
The alchemists say it was the first corruption.
and that it silently travels
in the blood of certain families.
But... something happened.
The Great Break.
And the Macula awoke...
...in Hugo's blood.
- AMICIA: But... What will it do to him?
- LUCAS: The Macula cares
for neither good nor evil.
It evolves with its host.
To change things.
The world.
You know, your Mother and Laurentius
were trying to help your brother.
- AMICIA: But they failed.
- LUCAS: No.
I think they just... ran out of time.
This is it.
(ROWING)
(FROGS CROAKING)
- AMICIA: Hugo.
Wake up.
Come on.
We'll walk from here.
It'll warm you up.
- LUCAS: If you follow the aqueduct...
We should arrive at Château d'Ombrage
before nightfall.
- HUGO: What's that noise?
- AMICIA: Nothing.
It's just frogs, Hugo.
- HUGO: Frogs? (EXCITMENT LAUGHTER)
- LUCAS: He seems well.
- AMICIA: Let's keep our fingers crossed.
- HUGO: Ey... froggy, froggy...
There are so many!
Look! There're everywhere!
Jump! Jump! Jump!
Hey! Come back!
- AMICIA: Aren't you cold?
- LUCAS: A little. Yes.
- AMICIA: Hugo doesn't seem to mind.
- LUCAS: (CHUCKLE) He's keeping himself warm.
- AMICIA: Yes.
But he's too far from my liking.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
Hugo?
Where are you going?
- HUGO: Hey look!
I'm a knight!
- AMICIA: An English shield?
Where did you find that?
- HUGO: Over there.
Lying on the ground.
- AMICIA: Listen, Hugo...
Put that down.
It's not for children.
- HUGO: Uhh... You're no fun.
- AMICIA: Come on. Let's go.
- LUCAS: Do you smell that?
- AMICIA: Urghh...
It stinks.
- LUCAS: Yes... It's horrible.
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
- HUGO: Amicia! Lucas! Come quick! Look!
- AMICIA: Oh my God.
- HUGO: Are they all...
...dead?
- AMICIA: I can't carry on.
- LUCAS: Amicia...
We have to follow the aqueduct.
- AMICIA: Oh my goodness...
- HUGO: Amicia...
Do we have to... walk on them?
- AMICIA: I know, Hugo.
But...
We don't have a choice.
- HUGO: Do you think we are hurting them?
- AMICIA: Just keep moving, Hugo.
Come on.
We shouldn't be here.
- LUCAS: Urh... The smell...
It's unbearable!
- HUGO: I feel sick.
- AMICIA: Don't look.
Concentrate on the aqueduct.
Urgh...
The horse...
Lucas?
Oh no... The rats!
Get away from them!
- HUGO: Amicia, they're everywhere.
Hundreds of them.
- LUCAS: I-I don't believe it!
(RATS SQUEAKING)
- AMICIA: Now!
Run!
- HUGO: There are people!
Over there!
- GIRL: Arthur, we have company!
- AMICIA: Those aren't soldiers.
- ARTHUR: Damn! We have to get out of here!
- HUGO: What were they doing?
- LUCAS: Those were looters.
Looking for things to steal.
- HUGO: But why?
- AMICIA: To survive, probably.
Like us.
(RATS SQUEAKING)
- LUCAS: We'll never get through.
We need fire.
- HUGO: Amicia, there's some woods
down there!
But the rats are everywhere.
- AMICIA: Could you help me with this?
- LUCAS: Alright.
(WOOD CREAKING)
(GRUNTS) We can't hold it back for long.
- AMICIA: Hugo...
You're going to have to go through.
- HUGO: Yes, yes.
- LUCAS: Be careful.
- HUGO: I did it!
I made it!
- AMICIA: Good! Now come back.
- HUGO: There you go.
- LUCAS: Ow... My arms...
They're paralysed.
- AMICIA: Well done, you two.
(RATS SQUEAKING)
- GUARD: ...who's that?
Who's over there.
- AMICIA: Into the grass, quickly.
He mustn't see us.
- LUCAS: Amicia... His lantern...
- AMICIA: I...
I understand...
- HUGO: He's coming!
- GUARD: What's that?
What is...
- AMICIA: Oh Lord... It's horrible!
- LUCAS: But... it worked.
(FLESH EATING SOUND)
There are too many rats.
We're stuck!
- GUARD: Well well...
Looks like there're looting bastards.
- AMICIA: Come on, get up there.
- LUCAS: Yes, of course.
Which way should we go?
- AMICIA: They're everywhere!
(RATS SQUEAKING)
- LUCAS: Oh no! Soldiers!
- AMICIA: We need to push.
- HUGO: Let me help.
- LUCAS: Mind you don't get burnt.
We're making too much noise.
They're going to spot us.
- SOLDIER: What was that?
I thought I heard something.
- AMICIA: Help me push.
- LUCAS: Alright.
The wheels are stuck in the mud.
- AMICIA: We have to leave it here.
Come on.
- SOLDIER 1: What the hell are you doing?
Hold him still.
- SOLDIER 2: This is proper horrible!
- SOLDIER 1: Come on. I just want his teeth.
- SOLDIER 2: Yeah... but still...
- SOLDIER 1: Wot?
Rats are gonna eat 'im anyway.
- SOLDIER 2: Yeah... I supposed you're right.
- LUCAS: We need to pass below the aqueduct, Amicia.
The rats are everywhere.
- AMICIA: Shhh... We'll find a way.
- HUGO: Over there! A torch.
- AMICIA: I might have a chance if I go alone.
Wait there, I'll be back soon.
- HUGO: I'll wait for you.
- SOLDIER 3: I can't fucking stand these rodents.
And you've got nothing to do be'er to do
than mucking around with a corpse.
- SOLDIER 1: Ah! Finally! Christ!
- SOLDIER 2: All that for that?
What're ya gonna do with it now?
- SOLDIER 1: Well, I have to think about that.
- AMICIA: Coast is clear.
- HUGO: I'm coming.
- AMICIA: We're going to climb up.
- HUGO: Yes.
Amicia, urghhh...
They've got sticks in their tummies.
- AMICIA: Don't look.
- LUCAS: Try to ignore everything you see here, Hugo.
- SOLDIER: Help! Lads! Help me! I'm stuck!
- AMICIA: Come on, inside. Quickly.
- LUCAS: Amicia, there's someone over there.
- AMICIA: Oh no!
- SOLDIER: Come on. It's not funny. Get me out of here! Hey!
- HUGO: Amicia, he's trapped!
- AMICIA: Shhh...
- LUCAS: We have to get moving!
- SOLDIER: Uhhh... About time...
- AMICIA: Oh no!
- SOLDIER: Hey! Hey!!
What are you doing? Stop!
You... you saved me?
Fank you! Fank you!
(No, I'm not trying to make fun of British accent 😂😂😂)
- AMICIA: You won't give the alert, will you?
- SOLDIER: The alert? No! No, no, no.
I'll be hanged if they knew I let you pass.
Go ahead. I didn't see anything.
- AMICIA: Good!
Oh no!
The torch!
- LUCAS: We'll do without it, Amicia.
There's a soldier.
He's blocking the way.
- AMICIA: I don't see any other way.
Damn.
- LUCAS: We don't have a choice.
We have to take him by surprise.
Here... Take this.
- AMICIA: What do you want me to do with this stuff?
- LUCAS: Somnum.
You'll see... Mix them together.
- AMICIA: Like this?
- LUCAS: Perfect.
Now you're going to crush it on his face.
- AMICIA: Are you serious? Lucas!
Well... I hope you know what you're doing.
Stay here.
- HUGO: Alright.
Is he asleep?
- LUCAS: Yes... For a while...
(He looks dead LOL)
- AMICIA: Thank you!
This is gonna save our lives.
- HUGO: Another machine!
- LUCAS: This one seems a bit...
...different.
(FIRE BURNING)
- AMICIA: Will that move?
- LUCAS: I'll try.
(CRANKING NOISE)
I'm gonna drop it. Look out!
- LUCAS: We're better hurry.
Can you take care of it?
Come on, Hugo. That's it!
Can you do it?
- LUCAS: Yes.
(CRANKING NOISE)
- AMICIA: We did it!
Hugo did the hard part.
- HUGO: I just...
Want us to get out of here.
- AMICIA: Me too. Come on.
Let's go.
- HUGO: Do we have to go under it?
- AMICIA: We just have to be careful.
- HUGO: The cart...
- AMICIA: Get ready. We're going to have to stay in the light.
Let's go! Let's go!
- LUCAS: We're not holding it back?
- AMICIA: No. Run.
- LUCAS: I'm not sure about this...
- AMICIA: It's working for now.
- LUCAS: Alright...
It worked.
- AMICIA: Soldier!
- SOLDIER: Hey?
- LUCAS: There... on the...
Probably best go check.
Kids.
(SCREAMING)
(BODY THUDS)
- HUGO: They're burning!
- AMICIA: Don't look, Hugo.
(BODIES THUD)
(RATS SQUEAKING)
I'll help you up.
- HUGO: Ahh... I...
I can't.
Amicia!
I don't feel well.
- AMICIA: What's the matter?
- HUGO: My head...
- LUCAS: The Macula.
- AMICIA: He's afraid.
We have to get out of here.
Hugo?
- HUGO: (GROANS)
- AMICIA: Hugo!
Think of the frogs.
Remember how they jumped?
You were chasing them.
Come on! Let's go and see some more.
- HUGO: Yes!
We have to get out of here, Amicia.
- AMICIA: We will.
This place can't go on forever, right?
There's an awful lot of them.
- LUCAS: But we don't have a choice.
- SOLDIER: Four each lodge.
I know you're tired.
I know it's not enough of us.
And I definitely know we'd all like to get far far away
from these focking rats.
But these are our boys.
They gave their lives for England.
What if it were you?
You'd want a decent burial, wouldn't ya?
Wouldn't ya??
Come on, then.
Guyenne is ours.
- SOLDIER: What was that noise?
(CROWS CAW)
- HUGO: Amicia?
I'm very tired.
- AMICIA: Look, there're trees again.
I think we're getting to the end.
- LUCAS: Finally!
- SOLDIER: (IN THE DISTANCE) Where'd you come from?
You alone?
- AMICIA: Watch out.
- SOLDIER: Say something, arsehole!
- BOY: That's my sister, you bastard!
Now let us go.
- GIRL: You'll never see us again.
I swear.
- SOLDIER: (CHUCKLES) Not a chance.
We execute looters on the spot.
- AMICIA: What do we do?
- SOLDIER: Wot?
Hey!!
- BOY: Now!!
- SOLDIER 2: Soldier!
There's trouble over here.
- BOY: Let's get out of here.
- AMICIA: We're following them.
- SOLDIER 2: There! They're running away.
- AMICIA: Hugo!
Run!!
- HUGO: Amicia!!
Let go of me!